Welcome to our gameplay
video of our patch 1.07 on equipment
just under seven minutes awaits you
again a cut video in the
I short play scenes
comment
and here it starts right away
and you also see that we accordingly
henceforth the video finally
was filmed
we can see is the resistance
contingent and the life contingent
slightly upwards compared to the last g
screwed
Of course the damage, too
the better values have easy
background for the monster on it
wanted to drive six effectively
Finally, since patch 1.07 the
experience for the higher level
been screwed up significantly the
Finally, it also makes sense
stop the monster leveling listen
colors or at least more sense than
before
So hammer just before played there I had
also briefly the alternative identifier
Seen that I still use here
rather unconventional I'm still there
the opinion that in connection with the
critical mass of those with pipe and that
magic bullets are relatively useful
around the iphone again quickly
the downtime and downgrades are
correspondingly fast again in the idle
mode is run through the dungeon
can
so and now i will be the base yet
time to skillen on blood magic because
finally since patch 1.07 you can do this
skill also reasonable use if he like
reasonably calculated and correspond
that would work just fine the match
It will be a bit reduced here
looks but is not bad because
Blood becomes life
continent again considerably faster
recharged and that it is here too
ever quite good and rudimentary too
recognize and she belongs like that
life concept repeatedly charged
is despite incoming hits of
I would recommend blood
magic from now on in the region skillung
every case of the mighty weapon
preferable
that's how I'll be doing here relatively well
Luckily, there are two more
Alcohol just lying around there and
now you can see that with the
alternatively succeeded actually quite well
can play when the scissors splitters
So fast is relatively daily
for a farmer in this case nothing
the more you can hold it very well
could
the meteors and the magical shot
the fans will soon be on their feet as well
and here you can even see the
Borussia is also a relatively good remedy
creates and does not really work for anyone
may be missing
one can
yes and again ship that you can see
always good at some places that
it freezes with the opponent borussia
this is true for both normal opponents
also for the elite packs and that helps
Of course, a rich and magic tremendous
if the opponents kept at a distance
and accordingly that is
Of course, very recommendable often with
to equip this weapon
because that has the blog opponents
the best way to use them is to freeze
one with a relatively high chance of
freeze and a good one
impact so that
accordingly the arrows also the
penetrate opponents and accordingly
more adversaries can be hit
his neighbor
and here we are already at
the last song effect has arrived
is laid relatively quickly and quickly
and then the video tends already in the
The End
as always you can contact us via skype diablo
3 underlined marketplace e mail diablo 3
underlined marketplace xbox.com or
Of course, via twitter meanwhile
reach d3 underlined market square